What do I want to learn or understand better?
I learned this week about vertical working process compared to a horizontal working process, which I had never heard of before and I would like to know more about.
I also want to be better at understanding my own capabilities, for instance when planning the sprint I think it is very difficult to grasp at how much time one has on a week.

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
This is a very hard question, as I feel that the more time that have passed I feel I know less and less but learn more and more from others.
    
What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
Last reflection I did not finish my user story with Jonas, and I said I would finish it this week. That did not happen as another person took the user story, without discussing it with neither me or Jonas, and finished it. Which was not that great as it felt I had wasted time trying to learn how to do that specific user story.

This week I did a user story involving choosing a color palette for the app with the stakeholder through communications with the product owner. 
I first asked if there was an existing color palette that they use, but since no such color palette existed I presented the stakeholder with two options, a light theme and a dark theme, the stakeholder chose the dark theme.
I implemented the colors, and also some CSS classes for common used components, such as buttons or text. Implementing the colors were no biggie, but implementing the classes to both my own code and another persons code proved to be a challenge. This also led to a conflict between me and another team member when I asked them about their code, leading to a rather rude answer.
While I do think there was some miscommunication in the sense that he might have misinterpret my questions are unnecessary because he might have thought I was only implementing the colors, while in actuality I was also implementing the classes and the colors to components that were either hard to find or hard to understand which component belonged to which code. The issue itself was not really resolved completely.

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
I have been to most of the meetings this week, which is where we discuss and actually do the different deliveries.
But mainly I have been contributing to the color palette of this weeks deliveries based on the stakholder's wishes and thoughts, within limits.
